---
Owner: Chris Adams
date: 2024-11-10T19:32:00
tags:
  - home
icon: LiHome
title: Welcome to my site!
draft: 
cssclasses: []
---
 _     _     _ _   _      ___  _           

Hi my name is Chris Adams. This is my website of cyber and tech related subjects. Created with Obsidian and hosted via ~~GitHub~~ Cloudflare Pages.

Hope you enjoy what you find here. âœŒï¸


> [!info] Update 2024-11-10 10:18
> This website has been migrated to **Obsidian Quartz** and now being hosted via **Cloudflare Pages**. For now the other website at https://chris-adams-tech.github.io is still live, however, I will more than likely deprecate that once everything is fully migrated.


The theme was built with Obsidian Quartz and huge shoutout to the creator, https://github.com/jackyzha0, for putting this together. It uses `node.js` and `npm` to build the static website. He made it so easy to implement and customize to my own needs.


Check out the about pages for more information about myself and this project. \
[[About Me]] | [[Build for my website]]


> [!Important] New HTB Writeup on YARA
> Check out my most recent HTB writeup [[Projects & Writeups/Writeups/HTB Series/Developing Yara Rules|Developing Yara Rules]]

## Some more recent projects I've been working on

[[Active Directory - Attacks]] - still in progress but more content in here now \
[[Secretcon Active Directory server build]] \
[[Installing SilkETW]] - Just the beginning stages...working on a script to auto-deploy \
[[Detecting Windows Attacks with Splunk]] \
[[Developing Yara Rules]] - Part of the HTB Series

### HTB Detection Series

[[Detecting Golden Ticket attacks]]
[[Detecting Kerberoasting & AS-REProasting]]
[[Detecting Pass-the-Hash]]
[[Detecting Password Spraying]]
[[Detecting Responder]]
 
There are so many interesting use case of AI...one that I have been exploring as I have been preparing for interviews, is using it to generate cyber scenarios so I can review the thought process of an investigation to build muscle memory of actions that need to be taken during an investigation. This can help tremendously to build the muscle memory prior to being in the high-stress environment. 

For some people that do not act well under pressure, this offers an alternative to prepare yourself for such situations. 


> [!warning] Warning!
> All information generated in the below page is fake telemetry and was generated by AI. This is for educational purposes only and no actual identities or IP addresses were used.

Here is the page listing the scenarios created: [[Cyber Scenarios - Home]]

# Dataviews

*coming soon*

## AI & ML

## Cybersecurity

## Dev

## Linux


Check out a list of Github Repos, both red team and blue team! [[Resources - Home]]

---

<div style="text-align: center;">
	<div class="gradient-text">ðŸ‘¾ 2024 rabb1th0les (Chris A)dams ðŸ‘¾</div> 
	ðŸŒ´â˜€Thanks for supporting my page â˜€ðŸŒ´
	<nav>
		<ul style="list-style: none; padding: 0;">
			<div style="text-align: center;">
				<li><a href="index.html">Home</a> | <a href="Contact.html">Contact</a></li>
			</div>
		</ul>
	</nav>	
</div>
